Hello such guys as you said
so good I hope you are super
Well today I am teaching you what we are going
to want some original music with
its covers and all of sordid
favorites without is unit to buy them in
itunes so well let's start
with this video
[Music]
ah
and good guys for this I come to
share what are two pages
excellent are these two pages
well let's start with the first
page that is the plus free dotcom and
good on this page 2 you can
find what are all the some
that they have uploaded itunes the only bad thing
of this page that does not allow you to do
albums in mp3 but the rest of this
page is super good I think the best
page to write some of itunes
so you can pay nothing or anything that
good at what we find in this
page so in this part of here they are
some that are more recent than they are
more downloaded if we see a little more
we can find what are more albums
and in this game here we find the
three some more recent and followed
going down we find what are the
outstanding entries that if my albums
what else have you searched for ok if you want
look for all the inclusion that you have to
do
there is this part of here not need
since he placed the name of your artist and
of your album or the song you want
to download
in my case I'm going to place the name of
this band
okay
and some that I only have the name of the
band or the album they make is crazy
so you can search
and we wait for you to find us
and good once we are left
the three in what are quite
results
and well you choose the album in
my case was going to choose this I think the
most of which is that those who
they created they come with the word deluxe ok
this album that you choose
and good if we go down here as you can see
they bring us the cover of the song and
the genre tells us the news
characteristics of the album and here we
says all the songs contained in the
ok album also show what they join
ties and that we want to go to what is
the tows page
and good to load what we have to
do and other comments
we have berlin even if two or
plus
you choose the report if it is
it is broken because they choose the other and so
can you catch I'm here
and good and here you just have to
jump advertising and good as can
see here I already charged what is
the page to download what is the
album I can download it so
well then the only thing I would have left
would download the album here are
all the songs and could
download the new one here
when you join that the download does not
to be told how much the difficult some
weight 102 96 the depends on how many
songs have the good musician
well this would be what is the first
page that is one of the best ones
I recommend this page seriously
love because you can find the
Most of the ones that you upload to
them and well I hope to grow this is
the first page and links of
pages
good guys from the next page it
flame torrent
that is to say it is of good planning
good on this page what methods for
if we want to search for it from this page
we need to have a terror or bittorrent
one of those programs to download
because because this page then we
lets want them to monday but we have
who loves you what is
a torrent
and well, it only allows us to download
with a torrent on this page not only
we found some also with temples
which are then we find videogames and
among other things more
this little term is very good because
you can find many albums that do not
you find in the previous pages
I like this page a lot too
because what you can do is download
the endless mp3 insurance that
there is no allow you also gives you options
to download it in other formats but
mostly allows you to download mp3
so well then in this part of here
where is it that you are going to put what
is the name of the artist or the name of the
soul
in my case I will put what is
let's put this name for a pai ok
let's see customer to search
and good here brings me what they are all
the results of the search by
example if you want before you want what
that the songs are good for them
angel songs
in my case I thought it was what it is
this from here this album
so he tells me to be in mp3 so
It is very good because we can
have mp3 with carotenes and all is
totally equal to the other page the
emotion click
and well here it tells us that it contains all
these songs this is an album that
contains all those songs ok
contains two of the songs that
contains how much each song weighs and
when he presented such all the whole file
the only thing we have to do next
give it where it says we give in this part
from here where you touch the tower the ten
equipment 87.3 of 5 mb
We give you here to study ok
As I said, you have to stop
creator a torrent or myth king English I
I'm going to leave what are the thousand for
that you can install it
so you agree the torrent what
keep
and well then they have installed what
is the programs your torrent or bittorrent
they can start downloading and good
I in this case I have installed what
it's bittorrent so the only thing
we had to do it because it is to drag what
what is our torrent that would be this
here that has left us like this I am going to
leave with a very very long name ok you
they are going to give will drag it towards the
Program
and the reason so far where it says
this is the blank part and it's going to
leave what is where they want to save it
you are already
then it says to save it here
ok and we give you to select folder
and then here he tells us that with that he
we give in ok
and we would start to download what is
all all the songs ok
Well, it's going to take a long time, it depends after
how much
of the psoe world is equal album and its
song is that if they go to that is not a
song then it is obviously that they
will look super super-fast staff
I narón you will also delay
depends on your internet connection and the
speed of your computer and what
I recommend that you want
bittorrent because I think it 's a
little faster than they grant but good
you download what you give them
look like so well this is
simple the two pages that I hope that
you liked it a lot, generate your
pages are very good because in one
page where lets you take what
they are in torrent detente to wait in mp3
what the other page does not allow you
that they see the partner all the video to
grow but I liked three and I
I have served and you can tell me like it
i subscribe do not open subscribe to me
channel and good us in a next video
with a lot of content